To prevent users from inspecting your website, you can use JavaScript and other techniques. Here’s how:

1. Disable Right-Click
You can block right-clicking, which prevents users from opening the "Inspect" option.
<script>
    document.addEventListener("contextmenu", function (event) {
    event.preventDefault();
    alert("Right-click is disabled!");
    });
</script>
2. Block Keyboard Shortcuts (F12, Ctrl+Shift+I, Ctrl+U, etc.)
This prevents users from using common shortcuts to access Developer Tools.
<script>
    document.addEventListener("keydown", function (event) {
    if (
        event.key === "F12" ||
        (event.ctrlKey && event.shiftKey && event.key === "I") ||
        (event.ctrlKey && event.key === "U")
    ) {
        event.preventDefault();
        alert("Inspect is disabled!");
    }
    });
</script>
3. Prevent DevTools Detection
Some websites use a script to detect if Developer Tools are open and block access.
<script>
    setInterval(function () {
    if (window.outerHeight - window.innerHeight > 200 || window.outerWidth - window.innerWidth > 200) {
        document.body.innerHTML = "<h1>Inspection is not allowed!</h1>";
    }
    }, 1000);
</script>
4. Use Server-Side Security
Client-side protection can be bypassed, so you should:

Minify & Obfuscate JavaScript (using tools like Obfuscator.io)
Restrict access using .htaccess (for Apache)
Load sensitive data dynamically via backend APIs instead of embedding them in the HTML
Even with these measures, experienced users can still bypass restrictions using browser extensions or debugging techniques.
The best security practice is to protect sensitive data on the backend rather than relying only on front-end security.
TheSoftmax.com:

1. Planning Your Website Structure
Homepage: Introduction to your website with highlights of your latest research or blog posts.
Blog/Articles: For posting Data Science research, tutorials, and case studies.
Projects: Showcase your Data Science, AI, or ML projects with descriptions, code links, and visuals.
About Me/Resume: A dedicated page for your bio, resume, skills, and contact details.
Contact Page: A simple form or contact details for professional inquiries.
2. Setting Up the Website
Domain & Hosting Setup:

Connect your domain (thesoftmax.com) to your hosting provider.
Install an SSL certificate for security (usually provided free by most hosts).
Choosing the Platform:

WordPress: Great for easy content management (with themes like Astra or GeneratePress).
Static Site Generators (e.g., Hugo, Jekyll): Ideal if you prefer speed and minimalism.
Custom Code (React, Next.js): Perfect if you want more control and are comfortable with coding.
3. Designing Your Website
Choose a clean, professional theme focused on readability.
Use Data Science-inspired design elements (graphs, data visuals, etc.).
Ensure mobile responsiveness.
4. Developing Key Features
Blog Section: Add categories like AI, ML, Statistics, etc., with an easy-to-navigate layout.
Resume Page: Embed a PDF viewer or create an interactive resume using HTML/CSS.
Search & Filter: To help users find articles easily.
Dark Mode Toggle: A cool feature appreciated by tech audiences.
5. SEO & Performance Optimization
Optimize for search engines with meta tags, keywords, and fast load times.
Use tools like Google Analytics to track traffic.
Implement lazy loading for images and minify CSS/JS files.
6. Content Strategy
Regularly publish research articles, tutorials, and case studies.
Share your Data Science journey, project breakdowns, and learning experiences.
Keep the resume updated with your latest achievements.



Portfolio Website: for personal branding

    - portfolio page : A page that show your photo and every details of you. (It should contain your story in the "about me" section and reason why you wants to become a data scientist). Add a video resume of 1 minute. Add courses and certification as cards in the page. heading must be link Vivek Kumar in Nutshell.

    - My Resume : 
        - not more than one page
        - tell a story about yourself
        - make different resume for different type of companies and different roles/profiles like (AI/ML/Data Science etc.)
        - Get 1 point to click (one project that must be the best and amazing and complex and must contain super learning)
        - Also talk about transferable skills (problem solving, critical thinking, team building etc.)

    - Blog Page containing multiple blogs that must redirect to a blog page on medium

    - Contact Page (all medium to contact)

    - Project Page (add project on the project page with image after completion of the project) on clicking the project on the project page it must redirect to the github. At least 3 full detailed project is required.


Resume Formatting
1. Use an elegant text font
    a. Good examples: Calibri, Times New Roman, Arial, Verdana, Cambria, Tahoma, Georgia 
    b. Bad examples: Comic Sans MS, MS Gothic, Ink Free, Agency FB, OCR A Extended
2. Use font size: 11-12pt for the text, 14-16pt for headings Make section headings and the header bold
3. Make section headings and the header bold
4. Avoid using too many text styles such as bold, italic, bold-italic and underlined
5. Use 1-1.15 line spacing
6. Avoid visual effects, decorations, or unnecessary icons
7. Use bullet points to make your resume look clean, well-organized, and easy to follow
8. Don't use redundant headings
    a. Relevant Work Experience - Just write Experience 
    b. Skills and Tools - just write Skills
    c. Additional Information - write Extras
9. Use plan or less stylish resume for strict or popular companies and may use stylish for startup etc. (best to use plan resume for both)

Freshers :
        Header: (name, Subheading, Phone, photo, professional email, linkedin, other profile links, never put address as it is of no use, but at max you can provide city, state and country only)
        
        Resume Summary : (that must be custom for every job i.e. personalize for job, never copy past from other's resume, never include negative of your self)
            Example of experienced: 
                Microsoft and Google certified data scientist with 9 years of experience. Seeking to increase data efficiency for Contranix Capital Inc. Achievements include creating data regression models to predict company stock prices with 25% more accuracy than historical average. Achieved 20% improvement in investment returns across all clients. Highly skilled in machine learning, data visualization, and creative thinking.
            Example of Freshers: 
                Junior data scientist with 3+ years of experience in project work and freelance jobs. Beat 200+ statistics professors and big data professionals in an NCAA pool, by building models that fit the problem best. Skilled in machine learning, statistics, problem solving, and programming.
        
        Education : Reverse Chronological Order (new at the top), explain what you have learnt, add relevant coursework/certifications
            Example:
                BS in Statistics, Syracuse University
                    2008-2012
                    • Excelled in machine learning and data science coursework.
                    • Completed a senior project to predict waitress tips in a busy Boston restaurant. Used decision
                    trees, regression models, and SVM.
                    President, Al club.
                Microsoft Professional Program for Data Science
                    • Completed all 10 required courses in Data Science (120 hours).
                    • Mastered 10 crucial data science skills.
        
        Skills : categorize, don't self rate, use skills in explaining projects/experience mentioned above
            Example:
                Operating System: Windows, MacOS, Linux
                Database/Server: My SQL, Postgres, SQL Server
                Programming Language: Python, scikit-learn, Python, OpenCV, D3.js, H2O.ai, Spark, Hadoop, R Programming, Django, Angular.js, HTML, SQL, JavaScript, PHP
                Other Software/Tools: Tableau, Deep Learning, Machine Learning, IP Cameras, AWS Services, Microsoft Azure
        
        Experience : if you have any (explain responsibility and impact, Reverse Chronological order, Freshers, shadow Experience, include kaggle competition, freelance work, Open     Source Contribution) 
            Example of Freshers :
                Freelance Data Scientist
                    2016-2017
                    NCAAMaster: Beat 200+ statistics professors, students, and professionals in an NCAA pool by
                    finding the right data models for the job.
                    FootForest: Used random forest regressor to predict fantasy football scores.
                    Pylearn 2: Regular contributor to Machine Learning project on GitHub.
            Example of Experienced : 
                Exend Capital Data Scientist
                2013-2017
                • Fulfilled all data science duties for a high-end capital management firm.
                • Created and presented models for potential holdings to fund managers. Achieved 20% better
                returns vs historical performance.
                • Created machine learning tools that computed adjusted P/E values.
                • Predicted stock price 25% better than traditional figures.
        
        Projects : Explain Project with Metrics, write relevant project first, recruiters love words like unstructured data, problem solving, team work etc.
            Example:
                Fantasy Football Models : 
                    Aggregated and prepped 3 years of fantasy football projection data from 3 independent sources into a MySQL database.
                    Created a random forest model in SAS, combining disparate sources into one projection that outperformed the mean absolute error of the next best projection by 15%.
                Entertainment Engine : 
                    • Aggregated data from IMDB and Rotten Tomatoes, and used k-nearest- neighbors in SAS, constructing an enhanced entertainment selection targeted to reach 15- to 25-year-olds.
                    • Improved methodologies to save an average of 12 minutes per movie selection and 3 minutes per song selection.
        
        Extra : achievements, Publications. extra-curriculars, about yourself that is interesting
            Example : 

                Conferences : 
                • AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence (2016)
                • The Machine Learning Conference-Spoke on a Panel About Al (2014)

                Awards : 
                On team that won the Kaggle "Titanic: Machine Learning" challenge

                Additional Activities : 
                • Article "Machine Learning in the Next 10 Years" cited in Forbes
                • Leader of bi-monthly hiking club
                • Volunteer monthly at the Boylston St. Soup Kitchen

Experienced :
        Header : 
        Resume Summary : 
        Experience : 
        Skills : 
        Education : 
        Extra : 

Cover Letter : (Never miss this and must be job specific/personalize, use your own words)(It can include your achievements, why you are fit for the job, how much you know about the company)
    Dear Trent,
    I've wanted to work for Valens Securities for several years. Your take on the limitations of GAAP fits perfectly with my skill set. I believe my work with data-regression models for company P/Es would be extremely valuable in your quest to adjust for accounting
    anomalies. My achievements include..

General Points : 
    Get multiple feedback before sending use ChatGPT
    No typos in the resume
    Hide things that you are not confident of 
    Save and share resume in pdf format only
    Don't use dark Theme for resume when printing

    example: 
            https://www.kunalgohrani.info/my-resume
            https://natassha.github.io/natasshaselvaraj/


Tasks:
    Update Resume
        edit text
    add more posts/medium posts
        Data Science
        Machine Learning
        Artificial Intelligence AI
        Python
        LLM
        Deep Learning
        NLP Natural Language Processing
        Computer vision
        Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs)
        GPT (Generative Pre-trained Transformers)
        Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs)
    Update Readme